[IMP] accounting: bank transactions (#3760)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/bank/feeds/bank_statements.rst

Bank statements
===============

Importing bank statements allows keeping track of bank account transactions and reconcile them with
the ones recorded in Odoo.

> With :doc:`the bank synchronization feature <bank_synchronization>` the process is going to be
> automated. However, if you do not want to use it or if your bank is not yet supported, other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With :doc:`bank synchronization <bank_synchronization>`, the process is
automated. However, if you do not want to use it or if your bank is not yet supported, other
```

options exist:

> - Import the bank statement files delivered by your bank;

Reviewer: - Import bank statement files;
- Register bank transactions manually.
- --> I would take the title of the sections below and add custom anchors.

- Quicken Interchange Format (.QIF);
- Belgium: Coded Statement of Account (.CODA).

> To import a file, go to the Accounting dashboard and click on :guilabel:`Import (Statements)` in the
> the :guilabel:`Bank` journal, or click on the drop-down menu (:guilabel:`⋮`) button and then on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a file, go to the :guilabel:`Accounting Dashboard` and in the
the :guilabel:`Bank` journal, click on :guilabel:`Import Statement`. 
```

- Quicken Interchange Format (.QIF);
- Belgium: Coded Statement of Account (.CODA).

To import a file, go to the :guilabel:`Accounting Dashboard` and in the :guilabel:`Bank` journal,
click on :guilabel:`Import Statement`.

.. image:: bank_statements/import-statements.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Import bank statements from bank journal

> Next, select the file you want to import and upload it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, select the file and upload it.
```
Suggestion to shorten/simplify

> After setting the necessary formatting options and mapping the needed columns, you have the
> possibility to make a :guilabel:`Test` or you can directly :guilabel:`Import` your bank statement
> files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After setting the necessary formatting options and mapping the needed columns, you can
make a :guilabel:`Test` or directly :guilabel:`Import` your bank statement
files.
```
Suggestion to shorten/simplify

> Next, select the file you want to import and click on :guilabel:`Upload`.

Reviewer: I don't see the "upload" option. I would just say "Next, select and upload the file you want".

> Once the file is uploaded, after setting the necessary formatting options and mapping the needed
> columns, click on :guilabel:`import`. It is also possible to :guilabel:`test` the bank statement
> file before importing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the necessary formatting options and mapping the needed
columns, you have the possibility to make a :guilabel:`Test` or you can directly :guilabel:`Import` your bank statement files.
```
